a few more yeah what's the most important thing that you
personally learned at apple that you're doing it next
good question um
i'm not sure i learned this when i was at apple but i learned it
based on the data when i was at apple
and that is
i now take a longer term view on people in other words when i see something not
being done right my first reaction isn't to go fix it
um it's to say
we're building a team here and we're going to do great stuff for the next
decade not just the next year and so
what do i need to do to help so that the person that's screwing up
learns versus how do i fix the problem
and uh that's painful sometimes and my and i
still have that first instinct to go fix the problem but
that's taking a longer term view on people is probably the biggest thing
that's changed and then i don't know that's you know maybe the part that's
biological but
yes